Annalise: Previously on
How To Get Away With Murder...
Okay, everyone,
ignore the crazy.
-Just get back to work.
-What do you all say
to your families
when you go home
at night, huh?
How proud you are
to make a child homeless?
I heard your poll numbers
were dropping in the
low-income districts.
What, is this a pitch
to be my new campaign
manager or something?
I know someone
for your case.
-Who?
-I'm not getting
them involved
if you keep going about this
the wrong way.
Antares going public is the
reason my father killed Wes.
So no more wavering.
We have to get those files
and leak them
before they go public.
Michaela:
Tegan has been good to me,
so I'm not destroying
the one good person in my life.
Promise to not tell anyone!
Sharing information about our
sessions would be unethical.
Unethical like you
barging into my office?
Jacqueline: ...talking to you
about dead children and suicide
is not in
my best interest?
-Can I help you?
-I'm Jacqueline Roa,
Isaac's ex-wife.
[ Moans ]
Connor:
Ugh. Don't make me go.
We can call in sick.
Annalise will kill me.
[ Chuckles ]
Literally.
And I want to go.
I mean, w-we're suing
the freaking governor.
The Attorney General
is arguing against us.
It's...a
once-in-a-lifetime case.
But my once-in-a-lifetime
hot ass is here
and you're sad
to leave it.
[ Both laugh ]
That's true.
♪
How did this happen?
What?
We should be dead...
or in jail.
But I'm actually doing
something good for the world.
And you have a job
where you don't have to
break any laws...
You make us sound
really boring.
If this is boring,
then...
we should've signed up
a long time ago.
[ Alarm blares ]
Aah!
[ Laughs ]
Time to pop the bubble!
Everything okay?
This is our final session.
Is this normal for you?
Stalking your ex?
Visiting his patients?
-Jacqueline: No.
-Then how do you know
who I am?
I'm a therapist, too.
Okay, so you're both
violating confidentiality.
-Let me explain.
-I could have your license.
I know what I'm risking
by being here, Annalise.
That's how serious this is.
Isaac: Is this because
of our last meeting?
It's not uncommon
for patients
to shut down
after opening up.
That's not it.
Well, then,
what is it?
[ Sighs ]
I'm getting too close.
What?
-Don't make me say more.
-Annalise.
I'm not gonna repeat
what happened with Sam.
Jacqueline: He's in
a fragile place, Annalise.
We lost our daughter Stella
a few years ago.
Suicide.
Why are you
telling me this?
I think Isaac
is using again.
How do you know?
Because I've seen it
before --
the not sleeping,
the stress...
So I'm triggering it.
That's what you're saying?
Your situation
is triggering him.
♪
-Have you been drinking?
-No.
This is classic
relapse behavior --
shutting down,
running away.
Let's just go back inside.
We can work through this.
I already found
another therapist.
I'm an addiction
specialist, too...
which means I could be
your new counselor
for the
disciplinary board.
And I would never ask this
of just any patient.
But you can survive this.
I'm afraid Isaac won't.
Isaac: You're gonna have
a relapse, Annalise.
If you walk out of here,
that's what's going to happen.
You're gonna drink.
♪
Just let me go.
You --
♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
It's a double-sausage,
extra-cheddar
egg biscuit
from Buster's.
They run out of those
by 6:00 a.m.
I got up early.
I'm good. BonBon made me eggs
for breakfast.
Please tell me
you didn't tell Bonnie.
Wouldn't you like
to know?
Hey, Dougie.
You want a double-sausage
biscuit from Buster's?
-Slam me that sammy!
-[ Bag crinkles ]
Did he tell anyone?
If I kill him,
you're my alibi.
Connor: Shouldn't I sit
up here with you?
Why?
To balance the optics.
It's kind of embarrassing.
You're the Attorney General
and you bring your entire office
for a little
certification hearing?
That's because he knows
how good our case is.
See? You said "our case."
I should sit with you.
Looks better
if I'm up here alone.
Nobody roots for Goliath.
Bailiff: All rise!
Court is now in session.
Chase: Your Honor, the Governor
has sent me here today
to motion for the immediate
dismissal of Ms. Keating's case.
-On what grounds?
-According to her own filing,
Ms. Keating's only
managed to collect
33 of the 40 plaintiffs
she should have to certify.
Is this true,
Ms. Keating?
It was at the time
of the filing,
but thanks to recent
public support of my case,
I have accumulated...
42...50...
79 plaintiffs
and counting.
Your Honor, my office
will need adequate time
to verify the identity
of these plaintiffs.
All due respect,
Mr. Attorney General,
but it appears that you
have more than enough help
to do it without
delaying the hearing.
Do you have
any other challenges
that would affect my decision,
Mr. Chase?
Many, Your Honor.
As we all know,
a class-action lawsuit
is not unlike
a seafaring ship.
At the moment, this ship
is carrying 79 passengers.
And, frankly, I'm concerned
for those lives...
when the captain
is an alcoholic.
I take my sobriety
very seriously.
It's well-documented in
the several random urine tests
I've taken over
the past five months,
the results of which
I've prepared for the court.
You Honor, the Commonwealth
would like to submit
into evidence a photograph
taken just two days ago.
In it, Ms. Keating
can be seen
holding a half-full bottle
of Scotch outside her car.
This is entrapment,
Your Honor!
Are you challenging
the veracity of the photo?
I'm challenging the claim that
it's proof that I took a drink.
But you admit
the photo is real?
Someone placed this bottle
on my car.
I simply picked it up
to throw it in the trash.
Clearly, the Attorney General
had someone lie in wait
to photograph
this moment.
These assertions
border on paranoia.
The Attorney General is turning
this into a witch trial.
Even her responses
now border on hysterical.
Enough, Mr. Chase.
Any further attacks
against counsel
will result in sanctions.
I'm not gonna allow
either of you
to turn this hearing
into a sideshow.
♪
That was defamation, right?
Or misogyny?
I mean, did he really use
the word "hysterical"?
We have to challenge the photo
and prove that i-it was staged.
-Unless it wasn't?
-Of course it was.
It's not about the photo.
It's about me.
They're putting me on
trial, and I'm a fool not
to have seen it coming.
I thought Denver
kicked you off this case.
We all got kicked off the
minute the Attorney
General took it over.
-Yeah, but you're still here.
-So are you.
'Cause I give a damn
about the case.
I think you mean Annalise.
Were you behind the photo?
She drinks vodka,
not Scotch.
Anyone close to her
knows that.
Do you know it's a felony
to record private conversations
-under the Wiretap Act?
-Laurel, you're
not helping.
Not to mention
it's just pervy
to put a nanny cam
inside of a woman's apartment
without her knowledge.
I didn't see you
naked or anything.
How do I know that?!
I'm in the
power seat here, okay,
and I've made a decision!
Everything bad
that happens to us
happens because some of us
get our rocks off
by keeping secrets.
Therefore,
in conclusion,
I've decided
no more secrets.
-You're telling Frank.
-[ Whispers ] What? Why?
[ Whispering ]
Because you two are boning
and you need an adult to talk
you out of this insanity.
-You told him that?
-It was too weird not to.
[ Mockingly ] She told me
one secret, okay?
[ Normal voice ] And it's
nothing compared to the one
that you've been keeping
from me, both of you.
So shut up and tell Frank.
Otherwise, I will.
♪
This is a joke.
Say it's a joke.
It's not.
If you're gonna get mad
at someone, get mad at me.
-This was my idea.
-Your stupid idea.
You want to bring down
your father?
Tell the cops
he killed Wes.
He's just gonna
pay the police off
-or make Dominick
go down for it.
-So?
So the only way
to hit back at him
is if we leak the documents
that C&G are hiding for him.
How do you know
they're hiding anything?
An accountant was
murdered because he
was gonna whistleblow.
Oh, so we could
get murdered, too?
No, because we are
gonna leak the documents
before Antares
goes public.
The IPO is
gonna be destroyed.
My father will lose
everything and go to jail.
-Just like that?
-Yes!
Please don't tell Bonnie.
I'm not gonna have to.
'Cause this stops right here.
You hear me?
-Well, I can't
promise you that.
-Laurel.
Asher: You are putting
everyone's life in danger --
your baby,
Oliver, Michaela.
Michaela: Hey,
what if it were you?
What if you had died
in that house and not Wes?
I would be doing exactly
what Laurel's doing!
I don't think you would.
-Of course I would!
-No, because
Laurel loved Wes,
and you don't even know
what love is.
What? I love you.
You know that.
Okay. None of this
is about who loves who.
It's about the fact that
I need everyone in this room
to promise right now,
ixnay with this plan-ay.
No. I am not bailing
on this.
We're supposed to be getting
our lives back together.
Even Annalise is
working her ass off
to do some good in the world,
as am I.
You have done so much worse
than this, Frank.
You have framed people,
murdered them,
even when they were considered
completely innocent.
Meanwhile, all I'm trying to do
is put my father in jail
for the actual crimes
he has committed.
That's not crazy.
It's just right.
[ Door slams ]
Connor: Is there a photographer
hiding behind a tree out there?
You want me to flash him?
Give him a little show?
Okay, well, the good news is,
I have a plan.
We put you on the stand,
and you defend yourself.
The minute I take the stand,
they're gonna ask me
about everything --
Wes, the fire,
anything that makes me
look like a crazy bitch.
So it's about discrediting
the photo, like I said.
We'd need money to find the
people who set up the photo.
I have my tuition money.
My dad let me keep it.
White parents are weird.
We could use Frank.
-No.
-Well, my only other idea
is to seduce
the Attorney General.
So, either take the money
and hire a P.I.,
or I'll probably
just end up
blowing it all
on go-go boys and booze,
not something you,
the recovering alcoholic,
should probably
encourage.
-Shut up.
-Excuse me?
I know someone who will
help us for free.
People already think
I'm crazy.
Why not show them
how crazy?
I need your help.
So the Attorney General
is right --
-You're drinking again.
-No!
Because you have
got to be drunk
to think I'm doing you
any favors.
Only 'cause you're
thinking like a D.A.,
not an Attorney General.
We have the same enemy
right now.
Or do you not want to win
this election?
When I am elected,
I will come at this class action
even harder than he is.
Well, that's a battle
for another day.
Come on.
Let's get crazy together.
♪
Hey, traitor.
Funny, coming from the guy
who's working for Annalise.
Better than sitting at home
watching bad daytime TV.
How's the little Waitlist?
Too big. I'm ready for him
to get out of me.
Hmm. You sound like Oliver
on date night.
Bonnie:
What are you doing here?
My boss is
meeting your boss.
-Why?
-It's top secret.
But now that I have you here,
do you have any AK tips,
since I'm basically
the new you?
You say that like
it's a good thing.
Label and file these
before you leave.
Ms. Thornton.
My office, please.
Hi.
♪
Let's go.
-Did he go for it?
-Of course he did.
Simon: How bad is it?
The worst. Looks like a virus
wiped your whole drive.
Did you click on
a porn pop-up?
No!
I mean, I don't think so.
Maybe.
-Oh, I'm gonna get fired.
-No, you're not.
Look, I was working on this
brief for three weeks.
Blake told me I was a
shoo-in to get an offer
if I did a good job.
You got hit by a random virus.
It's not your fault.
Oliver, this could
get me deported.
What?
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Hey, did you know Simon
was a DACA kid?
That stands for Deferred Action
for Childhood Arrivals.
I know what DACA is.
We need to talk.
His parents sent him here
from Pakistan
when he was 4 years old
to visit his cousins,
-and he just stayed --
-I don't care, Oliver.
He needs C&G
to offer him a job
and support his
visa application --
Asher found out
everything.
What?
He put a Teddy-cam
in Laurel's apartment,
-heard us talking,
and made us tell Frank.
-Oh, my God.
-I know what you're
gonna say next.
-Did he tell Connor?
No, which is what
I was gonna tell you.
-Then I have to tell him.
-You can't.
Otherwise, he might
tell Annalise.
-But what if Asher tells him?
-Look, he won't.
And you said Connor's
happy right now.
Do you really want to
be the person to take
that away from him?
Tegan: Pratt.
We're all fine.
[ Chuckles ]
Tegan: Ready for me
to drop a bomb on you?
Yes?
I need you to plan
an office party for Friday.
This Friday?
Antares is
about to go public,
the firm's
gonna make millions,
and I can already smell
the other partners
trying to take credit
for something I made happen.
I'll give a speech,
shine in my own glory,
and let those man-children
know this boss-bitch don't play.
Invite every employee,
even the interns.
That's like 300 people.
I can ask
that freckly intern.
I overheard her say
she planned her entire wedding
in a weekend.
No, no, no.
Uh, I-I am right on it.
There's the right answer.
Hm.
Judge Nanjani: I understand you
have a request, Ms. Keating.
Yes, Your Honor.
In light
of the dubious evidence
presented by
the Attorney General,
I'd like to call a witness
to the stand.
Chase: The Commonwealth had
no chance to prepare a cross.
And I had no chance to prepare
for the ambush this morning.
Please, Your Honor.
The Commonwealth
has maligned my character
with nothing more than
rumors and conjecture.
It's only fair that I get
a chance to rebut.
This is
a certification hearing.
I think we can bend
the rules a bit.
Thank you, Your Honor.
I'd like to call Darlene
Thornton to the stand.
Ms. Thornton.
My office, please.
♪
Annalise: Ms. Thornton,
how long have you worked
as a secretary
at the D.A.'s office?
-11 years.
-And in all that time,
have you had any
interactions with me?
Objection.
Relevance.
Stop interrupting, and the
relevance will become clear.
Judge Nanjani:
You may answer the question.
I've not interacted
with you personally,
but I know who you are.
What has your opinion of me
been all these years?
Objection. Insufficient
foundation for opinion.
Sustained.
Move on, Ms. Keating.
Annalise:
Ms. Thornton...
did you take
this photograph?
I asked you a question.
You've worked at the
D.A.'s office for 11 years,
so you know the definition
of perjury
and the sentence
that it carries.
Did you take
this photograph?
Yes.
[ Spectators murmur ]
Annalise: And did you place
the bottle of Scotch on my car
in order to arrange
this photo?
Yes.
Why would you
set me up like this?
Uh, Your Honor,
we have reason to believe
-that the witness is lying.
-Excuse me?
So you have proof that someone
else planted this bottle?
-Your office, for example?
-Of course not.
Then how do you have proof
that this witness is lying?
-Are you lying?
-No.
Then why in the world would you
malign my reputation
and legal standing
with this photo?
Darlene: The other day,
you came into our office
and accused us of
being the bad guys.
But that's you.
These people
you're trying to help,
they're convicted
criminals.
No, they're poor people.
That's all.
And they've been denied
their Constitutional right
to a fair trial.
I don't see why that
makes me the bad guy.
Objection. The counselor
is arguing with the witness.
Strike it from the record.
No further questions.
♪
Bonnie:
Attorney General?
[ Vehicle alarm chirps ]
A.D.A.
Bonnie Winterbottom.
One of Denver's people.
I'm on your side here.
-I don't buy that.
-I know.
You tell Denver that this
campaign's gonna get dirty,
and that's his doing.
I used to work
for Annalise.
I know how
you can beat her.
Frank: Bonnie's
gonna be home soon.
She said
she's working late.
And we really
need to talk.
I have about 300 reasons
to convince you
to not say anything
to anyone,
but also why
you need to help us.
There's no way in hell
I'm helping.
Let me finish.
[ Inhales deeply ]
If I'm being honest,
I didn't really believe you
when you said it --
that you were in love with me.
You were high
off your LSAT score,
and you're feeling pretty alone
right now, and --
I meant
every word I said.
Well, then this is a really
simple decision, Frank.
Because if you
really love me --
the real me,
not this idea of me,
of someone who you need
to take care of --
but as the person who is
stubborn and is smart
and is so, so angry
at the world
that the only way that
she can hold her head up high
and keep living
is if she makes
her father pay
for that horrible thing
that he did.
'Cause that's me, Frank.
That's who
you need to love.
-We're doing this.
-What?!
Leaking those files.
We just got to figure out
a way to get in that server room
so no one gets hurt
or arrested.
Or killed
by Mr. Castillo.
You got out-voted.
That's how a democracy works.
So we've got a few weeks
before Antares goes public.
I know when we can do it.
There's an office
party this Friday.
No.
T-That's way too soon.
No. That's perfect.
Everyone's gonna be drunk.
You can steal
Tegan's key card.
-No. I still don't
want to do that.
-That's the only way!
Well, then Oliver
will just have to
-figure out another way!
-I don't have one.
I can go to the police.
I'll tell 'em everything.
That would get us
all arrested.
You can tell them
you ran over Sinclair.
Okay, well, then,
I'll tell BonBon.
How's that? Huh?
Or Connor.
That would be
very, very mean.
Lying to his face
is what is mean.
Michaela:
Asher, come here.
You're mad at me.
You get to be.
But can you please not
take it out on everyone else?
Oh, you mean Laurel?
Yes.
That includes Laurel.
Okay. Why is she so much
more important to you than I am?
-Oh, my God.
-You sound like a child.
You all think I'm some
big, dumb pushover. I get that.
But this is
a dangerous plan
that's gonna result
in more bad things happening,
and I don't want
any part of it.
So keep your mouth shut.
That is all we are asking.
I don't have to do
anything you say!
I'm no one's bitch.
♪
[ Door slams ]
I'll fix it.
[ Door opens and closes ]
Won't he find out?
I know people at the
disciplinary board.
I'll make sure this
stays confidential.
Annalise, if you actually
want to see someone...
You'd be the last person
I'd come to.
I know. I have the name
of someone who trained me.
She doesn't take new patients,
but I could get you in.
-You're angry.
-Wouldn't you be?
[ Scoffs ]
I'm surprised you haven't
taken a swing at me.
Me too.
I can't be the only one
who talks about suicide.
You said
I triggered him.
There's got to be other patients
who talk about suicide.
This is Isaac's problem,
not yours.
I deal with liars every day.
Don't play me.
It's the patients
we care about most...
who affect us
the deepest, so...
You two were
a perfect storm.
That's all I can tell you.
I'm sorry.
-[ Door opens ]
-Hello? Connor?
Yeah, he just got home.
I'll let you know.
[ Chuckles ]
Who was that?
My sister.
I was just nerdily
telling her
how awesome
the class action is.
[ Chuckles ]
Why?
I just thought
it could be Asher.
Oh, no. I'm pretty sure
he's jealous
that Annalise hired me
instead of him.
-I should call him.
-No, no, no, no, no.
No. No.
Let's unplug.
No phones, no computer,
no Internet.
We can be in our
sheet cocoon again,
but this time,
it can last
all...night...long.
Uh, what if
Annalise calls?
Well, she can leave
a message.
Come on.
We deserve some "us" time.
-Okay.
-Great. Yeah.
I am so sorry.
I was just trying
to protect you.
-You mean protect Laurel.
-No.
Just admit that!
Okay. I admit it!
But should I let
the pregnant lady
chase down someone
with a gun again?
At least that time
you told me.
Well, I'm
telling you now.
[ Exhales sharply ]
I'm not the perfect
girlfriend, okay?
I'm sorry about that.
But can you blame me?
You met my mother.
You think she modeled
good relationship behavior?
Not lying isn't something
you need to be taught, Michaela.
You're right.
I -- I messed up.
But can we please
just move past it?
I just --
I just want us
to be okay again.
Maybe we were never okay.
What?
I'm saying...maybe
I'm just a rebound
on the way to you finding
your real husband.
You're not.
Then why are you always
wanting me to be your Barack?
That's a joke!
Just like it's a joke that
I'll ever be like Michelle
after all the murders
we've done.
Then why do you have
your Aiden wedding dress
still in the closet?
I have to look at that thing
every time I go in there
to the one drawer
you gave me.
I mean, you ever think about
how that would make me feel?
To have to stare
at the old life
you wanted to have
with your...old boyfriend?
It's a $20,000 dress!
Then sell it!!
♪
I would kill to build
a real life with you,
but...
I'm not okay being
anyone's second choice.
So, if that's
what this is,
then we can call it,
and you can go
and find the man
that you really want
to be with.
That's you.
-It's not.
-It is.
[ Crying ] I don't know what to
say to make you believe me,
but...it is.
Come on. I don't want
you to be my Barack.
I just -- I just want you
to be my Asher.
It's hard for me
to believe you.
♪
[ Thud ]
Hello?!
♪
[ Knock on door ]
[ Groans ]
[ Knocking continues ]
-Isaac Roa?
-Yes.
I work at the Court
of Common Pleas and was
asked to deliver this.
What is it?
That's all I can say.
♪
[ Cellphone ringing ]
You're sure you don't want
to file a police report?
They're the ones who probably
put the bottle on there.
[ Scoffs ]
It was the A.G.
He's trying to
get in your head.
Well, it's working.
You take a drink?
Oh, God, no.
Doesn't mean
I didn't think about it.
I'm a drunk.
A beer on the street
makes my mouth water.
Well, you ever consider
what makes you want to drink
in the first place?
Did you just hear
what I said?
Everything makes me
want to drink.
I'm talking about what
happened today, though.
Making Darlene lie up there
on the stand.
Darlene a friend
of yours?
She's a single mom
supporting five kids
on a crappy salary,
but you --
She was Denver's choice.
So you don't give
a damn about her?
Or feel guilty?
-I'm gonna get a room
at the hotel.
-Annalise.
I'm too tired to take anyone
else beating me up today.
I didn't mean to beat
you up. I'm just saying
what you've been doing,
playing dirty
all the time --
You think
that I can win against
the Attorney General
if I don't play dirty?!
It's taking a toll on you.
Don't you see that?
Making you drink
or lose sleep.
That's no way to live.
And it's definitely not
what the plaintiffs
on your case deserve.
Is that why you still haven't
given me your friend's name?
It's not a friend.
♪
Well, look, you get
your certification,
and maybe I'll give you
their number.
♪
All right. Sleep well.
-Sorry I missed
your call last night.
-It's fine.
I would've answered,
but, uh, Oliver had
this whole
screen-free night idea,
and I had to be
a good boyfriend.
Is that T.M.I.?
It's probably T.M.I.
I j--
I don't want you to think
that I'm not taking
this case seriously.
Go inside.
What?
Do you know him?
Just...go inside.
-I tried to call you.
-It's not my responsibility
to make you feel okay
about this decision.
The Attorney General
subpoenaed me, Annalise.
Bailiff: Do you swear
to tell the truth,
the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth?
I do.
Chase: Dr. Roa,
what is your speciality?
I am a doctor
of psychology
and a licensed drug
and alcohol counselor.
And it is
in this capacity
that you've been treating
Ms. Keating?
Yes, she was
referred to me
through the Bar Association's
disciplinary board.
Because Ms. Keating
is an alcoholic.
Objection. Mr. Chase is framing
my illness as defamatory.
Judge Nanjani:
Sustained.
Considering the seriousness of
the disease that is alcoholism,
is it your
professional opinion
that Ms. Keating
is competent
to represent a case
that will determine
the fate of thousands
of people?
I would say that Ms. Keating
has continually expressed
the importance
of her work
and her desire
to see this case through.
This hearing is not about
Ms. Keating's desire.
It's about
her mental fitness.
Objection. Improper
personal attack on counsel.
Sustained.
Dr. Roa, isn't it true
that stress
is a risk factor
in an alcoholic relapse?
Yes, stress often is a factor,
but not always.
Do you believe that this case
has stressed Ms. Keating
to the point that she's
consumed alcohol
since you began
treating her?
Isaac: You walked in here
the other night
afraid you were
going to drink,
and your answer to that is
to launch a class-action suit?
♪
She has not taken a drink
to my knowledge, no.
How many times
have you requested
some kind of drug
or alcohol testing
be administered
to Ms. Keating?
-Three.
-Is it because you feared
that Ms. Keating broke
the terms of her probation
by taking a drink?
Objection.
Calls for speculation.
I'm simply asking for
Dr. Roa's expert opinion.
I will allow it.
You are repeating
the risky behavior
that got you here
in the first place!
Well, there's lots of reasons
why I ended up in here,
but fighting for poor people
wasn't one of them.
Dr. Roa, I repeat,
did you order the testing
because you feared Ms. Keating
was drinking again?
No.
Let me rephrase.
In your opinion,
does taking on a case
of this magnitude
so early on
in her sobriety
increase the likelihood
that Ms. Keating might relapse?
Isaac: You're gonna have
a relapse, Annalise.
If you walk out of here,
that's what's going to happen.
You're gonna drink.
♪
Ms. Keating
has demonstrated
nothing but a complete
commitment to her sobriety.
And I have total
confidence in her.
♪
-You said he would destroy her.
-I thought he would.
Oh, really?
Because they seemed
like two people
who are probably banging.
I screwed up, clearly.
I have a feeling
you do that a lot.
Was this you?
-Let's just go to my office.
-Tell me now.
I knew that
she would lose.
I knew that he would
help her on the stand.
-Because you know him.
-No.
I saw him in your office
the other day.
-Nate.
-You went to him
for therapy.
Didn't you?
That's how far gone you are.
Please.
Don't tell Annalise.
Judge Nanjani:
Mr. Attorney General,
Ms. Keating...
I have reviewed
all the evidence.
And aside from the vague
personal attacks
on Ms. Keating's character,
it's my belief
that the Commonwealth
did not bring sufficient
evidence to this court today
to prevent me from ruling
in Ms. Keating's favor.
I am therefore certifying
this class action.
Court dismissed.
[ Gavel bangs ]
♪
Asher:
What I'm about to say
is not because I agree
with this plan
or because I've
forgiven Michaela --
because I haven't --
but because of Wes.
What happened
to him was...
♪
I'm in.
You sure?
Yeah.
Who's gonna save all your butts
when this goes wrong?
♪
Let's make a plan.
So, the party's
tomorrow night?
We're not using
Tegan's key card.
You don't know this woman.
She's probably been
burying bodies for my father
this whole time,
literally.
Then she's gonna be
smart enough
to know who
stole her key card.
-Prom Queen's right.
-No.
There's got to be another
partner's card we can steal.
I don't know
any other partners.
Frank: Oli? You must've
made a friend or two.
Um, I want to go on record
as saying that I think
this is a horrible solution
and we're gonna go to hell
if we do it.
We're already going to hell.
What is it?
We have to use Tegan's card
to get into the server room.
I-I said no!
We just say
someone else stole it.
-Who?
-Simon.
-I hate that guy.
-We all do.
And I just got access
to his computer
and all of his passwords
in order to help him
not get deported, so...
yeah, we're gonna go to hell.
This is a first step
for our plaintiffs,
all of whom
have been treated unfairly
by an over-burdened
justice system.
And now the governor's office
is gonna have to defend
themselves at trial.
You're fighting
this fight all alone.
That can't be easy.
Oh, but I haven't
been alone.
I couldn't have
gotten through today
without the help
of Mr. Walsh here.
And now he'll answer
the rest of your questions.
-W-Where are you going?
-None of your business.
You got this.
Woman: How did such
a young man become involved
in Ms. Keating's
class action?
Um...well...
Laurel:
Open your mouth.
Excuse me?
Do you want to wait
until the baby comes out
to see
who he looks like?
Neither do I.
Open up.
You don't have to
do this for me.
I know.
♪ Oh-oh ♪
♪ This is a dream state ♪
Michaela?
♪ Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh ♪
What is this?
My $20,000 Vera Wang
bespoke wedding gown.
I know. Why?
I thought about
what you said and --
Oh, my God. Are --
Are you about to propose?
No!
Okay, then...
what is behind your back?
This!
I'm not proposing.
I mean, I love you.
But we're a mess and
not ready for marriage,
especially if we're all
about to go through
with this stupid
Antares plan.
So you admit
the plan is stupid.
Of course! We're all crazy.
But we're doing it.
For Laurel and Wes
and everything
that's right in the world.
Okay, my point is,
this is how you know I love you
and our life together...
and not any life
that came before that.
Wait, wait.
Was it really 20 grand?
Just let me do this.
[ Exhales sharply ]
♪ Oh-oh ♪
[ Screaming ]
Yeah!
Haa!
[ Grunts ]
♪ Out of the dark day ♪
You missed a few spots.
♪ Into the brighter night ♪
There and there.
Yeah, that's right.
Sauce it up.
I don't want to see
a patch of white
by the time
that bottle's done.
Yeah. Take that, Aiden!
I'm the new boo in town.
Hey. So it looks like
I'll be able
to deconstruct
the virus by Friday.
Oh, thank God.
I thought I was gonna
have to ask you to marry me
for citizenship.
No need.
Uh, see you tomorrow.
[ Beep ]
♪ How do we feel? ♪
[ Exhales deeply ]
Connor?
♪ How do we feel
in that photograph? ♪
♪ And how do we
feel it again? ♪
Get in.
♪ How do we feel? ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Ooh, how do we feel
in that photograph? ♪
Come in.
♪ And how do we
feel it again? ♪
[ Lock clicks ]
You perjured yourself
on that stand.
No.
Of course I run the risk
of relapsing.
You of anyone knows that.
But you lied. Why?
You've repeatedly stated
that you felt this case
was the one thing
that was holding you
together.
I weighed the factors,
and I determined
that losing this hearing
would endanger your sobriety
-more than anything else.
-Bull.
It was my professional
medical opinion.
Are you using again?
Heroin or something else?
Why are you
asking me that? No.
-So you are.
-No! I promise you.
Where's this
coming from, Annalise?
That why you left me?
You were concerned that
I was unfit to help you?
Annalise, I...
♪
Talk to me.
Come on. Talk to me.
[ Sniffles ]
Sam...told me
it was in my head.
That that was a story
that I was told as a little girl
that I kept
telling myself.
It's why I fell in love
with him,
because he made me
believe that...
I wasn't the problem.
And I was so relieved.
But, Isaac...
it just keeps happening.
What does?
I hurt people.
You think
you're hurting me?
The baby, Sam, Wes.
You didn't make
those things happen!
I want to believe you.
So bad.
There is no one person
that has that kind of power.
Tell me the truth.
Am I triggering you?
No.
Who told you that?
Annalise, tell me.
Who --
Annalise. Who?
Tell me.
W-Was it Bonnie?
Bonnie?
You don't need
to protect her.
No, I'm n-- I'm not.
She's only trying
to hurt you.
It's not Bonnie.
It's your ex-wife.
♪
Connor:
I owe you an apology.
When my dad was in town,
he told me
that he didn't think
that you were
the right guy for me.
What?
I was so nice to him.
He's a moron, Oli.
And wrong.
[ Sighs ]
Because I am so happy
right now...
to the point that
I'm calling my sister
just to tell her
how happy I am.
[ Chuckles ]
And that's never
happened before.
That's because of you.
So, uh...
[ Chuckles ]
This is a twisty-tie
that I took off
our loaf of bread,
which speaks to one
of the reasons I love you.
Because you're a gay man
who eats bread
and encourages me
to eat bread, too.
[ Laughs ]
You let me be me,
but you make me
a better version of me.
And...
I never thought that
I could be this guy.
And I don't want
to wait anymore.
[ Chuckles ]
I want you.
Marry me,
Oliver Hampton.
Marry me so I can spend
the rest of my life
trying to make you
as happy as you make me.
♪
Uh...
I'm sorry.
What?
I've been lying to you.
We know who killed Wes.
[ Radio chatter ]
♪
[ Monitor beeping rapidly ]
Give me more O-neg
and platelets, stat!
-Where's my baby?!
-Shh. Shh.
[ Monitor beeping rapidly ]
Woman:
BP is dropping!
Man: Where's the Epi?
-Where's the suspect?
-Jail.
[ Monitor beeping rapidly ]
[ Sobbing ]
Woman:
O2 stats are dropping!
[ Monitor beeping rapidly ]
-He's in V-fib!
-Start CPR!
Is he dead?
[ Flat line ]
♪